# 505 - There are eight of the seven demons

The wind was howling and the convoluted dark clouds were surging desperately, as if trying to cover the huge void in the sky. In vain, such efforts were obviously futile and the terrifying dark aura opposite the gate of the abyss was still radiating continuously surging.

Roy was suspended high in the air, looking down at the ground below, he knew that he had landed in a strange world again.

Everything visible in the field of vision contains countless information, which is the underlying information generated by the operation of the world. Roy has gradually been able to interpret this information, so after a short period of observation, Roy immediately realized difference in this world.

This world... doesn't seem to be born naturally, but artificially created, because among these underlying information, there are many data that seem to be deliberately adjusted...

This kind of perception derived from the divine personality is very wonderful, but Roy is able to "see" it.

Perhaps it is because of the uniqueness of this world that Roy can feel that the resistance and rejection he suffered this time was not as big as he imagined and it was different from the last time he was stuck by the gate of the abyss. Roy felt very comfortable after his arrival, even the hostility of the world's will to him was only a little faint.

No wonder there are so many demon kings in this world at the same time. The will to dare to love this world has long been accustomed to being bullied by the demon kings, so I plan to lie down...

When Roy's body was completely descended, the gate of the abyss in the high sky slowly closed reluctantly, but the vision in the sky did not dissipate. Affected by the powerful strength of Roy, this area suddenly fell. There was a black blizzard, suddenly there were lightning flashes, thunder, and fire. The Zakarum cultists kneeling on the ground below, were smashed and screamed from time to time, but the screams were immediately swallowed by them, and they were covered in cold sweat. Trembling on the ground, they didn't dare to raise his head and look directly at Roy's figure.

Only when Roy gradually lowered his body, his feet making a resounding impact and causing the ground to tremble, did a high priest of Zakarum find the courage to lift his head. Fear mingled with an inexplicable sense of excitement as he spoke to Roy in a quivering voice, saying, "Your Majesty Osiris, my lord Mephisto has instructed me to deliver his greetings to you and extend a warm welcome to you in the Sanctuary..."

Roy lowered his head, looked at the high priest below who was only at his knees, and asked in a deep voice, "I am here as promised, so where is Mephisto?"

"My lord's body and soul in this world are still sleeping, so he can't come to see you..." The high priest replied respectfully, "But since you have come, I believe that my lord will return soon...”

Roy nodded, everything was almost as he expected. Although it was unclear whether Mephisto was a clone or a body in this world, but it's true that he was trapped.

In this world, there is not only Mephisto as a demon king, but also Diablo and his group of demon kings. The power of demons in this world can be said to be unprecedentedly powerful and it is not Roy's turn. Such other abyss demon kings came here to intervene, but it is ridiculous that the seven demon kings in this world were all stunned by the angels of the high heaven and the Nephalems, so that they could not take care of themselves. If Roy remembered correctly, the seven The Demon King's soul has been sealed several times...

This kind of situation of repeated defeats and repeated defeats can no longer be described as a head iron. Roy does not know what purpose Mephisto and the others are so obsessed with in this world, but from the side, It can also prove how powerful the world's resistance to demons is!

Roy has just arrived in this world and doesn't know anything about the situation here, but he also knows that this is not a place where he can do whatever he wants with the power of the devil. He raised his head and looked at the distant sky. Looking at the mountains in the distance around him again, he knew that the vision when he descended would soon attract high-level angels and nephalems.

So, Roy stretched out his hand, and then  countless eyeball monsters appear with small wings flying out from the palm of his demon claw. These tens of thousands of demon eyes for reconnaissance were flapping their small wings. It flew in all directions, and soon entered a state of invisibility and disappeared.

These demonic eyes will soar to various corners of the world as per Roy's commands, relaying back their findings to him. This invaluable feedback will aid Roy in gaining a comprehensive understanding of the world's true state, ensuring that he remains untainted by any deceptions within this realm.

In the end, Roy left some demon eyes and gave them to the high priest of Zakarum in front of him, explaining "Take these little things and use them to contact me, when I have an order, I will notify you through them!"

Yes, in view of the agreement with Mephisto, Roy unceremoniously regarded these Zakarum followers as his subordinates.

After the high priest heard Roy's words, he couldn't help but be stunned and asked carefully "Your Majesty Osiris, where are you going? Don't you stay to lead us?"

"Of course not!" Roy grinned and pointed his fingertips at the High Priest condescendingly, saying, "Unless you want your stronghold to be besieged by countless angels and Nephalems, otherwise It's best not to make such an idea, your people will hide as you want, and I will temporarily disappear from the eyes of the world. Until I think I should appear, I will naturally appear!"

The high priest nodded and asked carefully "Then about the agreement with my lord..."

"I naturally remember the agreement, I will find a way to release Mephisto!" Roy replied "But before that, you must also find a way to find out his whereabouts. As for when to release him, That's a decision I can make, understand?"

"Yes... Your Majesty!" The high priest had no choice but to respectfully respond.

After explaining this, Roy's tall body immediately became illusory, and the mist surrounding him gradually faded. Soon, Roy disappeared in front of the Zakarum cultists.

It took a long time for the Zakarum cultist, who was crawling on the ground, to finally confirm that Roy's demonic aura had really disappeared, so he stood up from the ground wiping cold sweat.

"High Priest, we..."

Before the cultists could finish their inquiries, the high priest immediately waved his hand and said, "Leave here first, those Nephalems may have already smelled it and are on their way here. If you don't want to die here, then leave first!".

As a result, the Zakarum cultists gathered at the scene scattered and evacuated. When the Nephalems arrived here and approached the scene of the summoning ceremony carefully, they found that only a large number of blood marks that had become dark were left on the spot.

As for the powerful Demon King they expected to meet, there was no trace of it...

The news was quickly reported to the Horadrim Brotherhood. The fact that they failed to see the coming Demon King not only did not make the Horadrim Brotherhood feel relieved, but their faces became more and more ugly, because they were very uncomfortable. Know what this means this newly arrived demon king is not a fool, on the contrary, he is so cunning!

After the first arrival, he disappeared and hid quickly. Such demons are more terrifying than those who only shout and kill...

"Now, all we can do is wait. I hope that Lord Tyrael can unveil the name of this new Demon King from the High Heavens... even if it's just a fragment of their true name. This way, when the Demon King resurfaces, we won't be caught unaware and ignorant about their identity."

"Yeah, the eighth demon king... This world is really troubled..."

***

At the same time, at the northernmost end of the Sanctuary, the cold wind whistled and the snow fell, and a dark figure suddenly appeared in the pale place.

"This environment is still suitable for me!" Roy, who came here by teleportation, looked at the surrounding environment with satisfaction, and nodded.

In the most inaccessible place, Roy chose a huge mountain. He dug out the solid frozen soil, opened a cave on the mountainside, and then froze the cave. In the depths of the cave, a black cold The Ice Throne stood up again.

Sitting on the black ice throne, Roy's eyes flashed red. Although he was looking at the snow-white world outside the cave, in fact, countless pictures had appeared in his field of vision.

These pictures are all transmitted through the eyes of the devil. Under Roy's command, these invisible eyes of the devil have gradually found human gathering points scattered in various places in Sanctuary.

"Now, let me see how powerful the Nephalems here are..."
