# 511 - This is the real trap

After hearing Roy's words, Tyrael's heart tightened, and he quickly recalled his own arrangements for the whole thing, for fear of omissions or details that he hadn't noticed.

However, when the matter went through, Tyrael dared to guarantee that he did not miss anything.

The dark soul stone has long been destroyed. This Rakkis tomb is just an empty shell. It is used by himself to lure the demons. From beginning to end, no demon has infiltrated this place in advance, and it is impossible to make any arrangements in advance.

The only thing to say is possible, that is the strength of the demon king Osiris in front of him, which seems to be a bit beyond his imagination.

After the death angel Malthael was defeated and suppressed, Tyrael has returned to the high heaven and restored his identity as an archangel. Not only that, he also took over the authority of the original Malthael angel of wisdom. In other words, Tyrael actually acquired part of Malthael's Mobius Mark!

Although this part of the Mobius Mark did not bring much power to Tyrael, it made him stronger than before, which is why he dared to set traps alone and then confront Roy. It seems that he is more than enough to deal with a Demon King at this moment.

However, the situation proved to be beyond his expectations. Demon King Osiris possessed an inexplicable power that defied Tyrael's holy light protection. The fog-like energy emanating from Osiris effortlessly penetrated his defenses, rendering them completely ineffective.

Standing up with the sword again, Tyrael calmed down the turbulent holy light power in his body, made it re-condensed, and condensed more solidly than usual, then attacked Roy again with the sword.

While slashing, Tyrael sneered at Roy "Trap? If you think you can defeat me with this weird power, that's delusional!"

"Oh? Are you that confident?" Roy resisted his attack with his sword, but his tail suddenly stabbed out behind him. The tip of the tail condensing the power of chaos broke through Tyrael's protection of the Holy Light, and this time it pierced through Tyrael's left abdomen.

Tyrael was impaled by Roy's tail, causing his entire body to tremble involuntarily. Helplessly at the mercy of Roy's tail, he was thrown twice and then flung far away, crashing into the ground with a resounding impact. His body collided with the shattered wall, causing debris and thick remnants to cascade down upon him.

"Cough!" Tyrael stood up, coughed twice, and looked at the pierced hole in his left abdomen. As an archangel, his body was already a holy light. This kind of injury is not serious at all, and will be remedied by his holy light in a second at most, but I don't know if it is an illusion, Tyrael stared at the wound, but found that the healing of the wound was slower.

From one-second healing to three-second healing...

"What is this weird power?" Tyrael couldn't help frowning.

Of course Roy would not answer him. In fact, even he himself is not very clear. Chaos force is the sum of all elemental forces. Of course Roy knows this, but it seems that after all elements are gathered, they interact with each other. Like some kind of wonderful chemical reaction, there is some unspeakable power in it, and this kind of power cannot even be seen by Roy, who can look directly at the underlying rules and information.

Roy guessed that the power generated by this wonderful chemical reaction is the real key to fighting against the power of the void.

Roy, who has chaotic power, can now say that any elemental protection is crushed. Chaos power can break all elemental shields. For all elemental powers, chaotic power is a higher level of energy. In Chaos, they are inferior in front of them.

If I had to describe it in one sentence, it would be like the elemental power is the decay product of the chaotic power...

Tyrael is proud of the incomparably powerful holy light power, but it has no effect in front of Roy, and it is not even as useful as a powerful body. There is absolutely no chance of winning against Roy.

It's just that Tyrael didn't know this. Although he was surprised by Roy's strange ability to suppress the power of his holy light, it was impossible to say that he didn't understand and wouldn't fight, right? The angel's instinct when facing the Demon still drove him to continue to attack Roy. This time, he triggered the vast holy light in his body, and directly imposed [God Punishment] on Roy's position!

Tyrael used all his strength in this blow, causing a change in the sky. The clouds in the sky stirred a huge vortex, and a brilliant beam of light descended. The divine punishment at the speed of light could not be avoided at all, and it directly bombarded Roy. body.

The steady stream of brilliant holy light lasted for a long time, so that the ground that was hit was ignited with golden holy flames, and these holy flames spread out in all directions, quickly burning everything within a hundred miles, trees and trees. Rakkis's Tomb had already become a ruin before, and now there is no ruin at this moment.

In the end, when the light of divine punishment dissipated and the huge pillar of holy light in the sky disappeared, only a flat crystallized plain was left on the ground. Holy Light Power.

"Phew—" Tyrael was floating in the air, and he couldn't help but take a deep breath at this moment, using so much Holy Light power all at once, even he couldn't bear it.

"Have I eliminated him?" Tyrael looked down at the earth, looking for Roy's figure.

Before he could finish speaking, a voice suddenly came from behind him "No!"

Tyrael was startled, he didn't even dare to turn his body, and quickly flashed to the side, but it was too late. The light wing on his right was grabbed by Roy who suddenly appeared!

Almost instantly, the dark frost power in Roy's palm froze Tyrael's light wing. Not to mention, it became a rigid black ice crystal, and even maintained its original light appearance, which was in sharp contrast to the dancing light wings on the left.

This time, Tyrael finally took a breath and finally realized the horror of the demon king in front of him.

The light wing behind him is actually a holy light, a kind of light, but the Demon King Osiris froze the light!

This Demon King Osiris, his power is even more terrifying to angels than the purest dark power, but his holy light has no effect on him. Under the attack of the powerful divine punishment just now, he There is nothing at all!?

"I see!" Tyrael looked at Roy solemnly, and said, "The so-called trap you want to take advantage of this opportunity to kill me, right? I have to say, you may be able to succeed... but Demon, you may not know that you can never kill me in this world, as long as the high heaven still exists, I can be reborn in the crystal arch! Even if you can defeat me this time, I also know your power, You won't be so lucky next time!"

Of course, Roy knew what Tyrael meant. In the legends of this world, after the creation gods Anu and Tathamet died together, several parts of their bodies remained, and Anu's eyes became With the World Stone, the pillars turned into crystal domes, and Tathamet's body turned into an abyss oven. Angels were born on the basis of the crystal dome. Whenever an angel fell, the crystal dome would immediately destroy his soul. Recall, and new angels are born, which is the reincarnation of their souls, and it only takes a short time for the reincarnated angels to retrieve their previous memories.

The same goes for demons, who are resurrected from the flames of the Abyssal Oven when they die.

That's why the eternal battle takes so long, because neither angels nor demons can completely wipe out their opponents. Angels and demons are dead without destroying the crystal dome and the abyss oven. Come back, die and come back, so that the war lasted for thousands of years.

It is precisely because of this that when the Seven Demon Kings cannot be eliminated, the people in Sanctuary will try their best to use the dark soul stone to seal the Seven Demon Kings. Tired of this endless war with demons...

Now, confronted by Roy, an equally formidable Demon King, Tyrael comes to the realization that victory may elude him. However, it does not deter him, for even in death, he knows he will soon be resurrected within the Crystal Arch. The battle will repeat, and with each encounter, valuable knowledge will be gained. Tyrael understands the significance of documenting the appearance and strength characteristics of this Demon King Osiris in the Book of Truth, as it adds to their collective understanding and helps in the pursuit of ultimate triumph.

Fearless, Tyrael steadfastly embraced his duty. He refused to succumb to cowardice. He understood all too well that the demon king Osiris standing before him had recently been summoned from the abyssal realm. In this brief window of time, if Osiris had not yet bound his soul imprint to the infernal crucible within the purgatory plane, it meant that his essence remained untethered. Thus, if the Demon King Osiris were to be vanquished, his soul would not be relegated to the infernal crucible, but rather return directly to the abyssal origins of demon.

In this way, if he wants to break through the world barrier and enter the world of Sanctuary, someone must summon him again. As long as he strictly guards against the summoning ceremony of those damned Zakarum followers, he does not need to worry about his return for the time being. …

With such a mind and consciousness, Tyrael completely disregarded his own protection, and even kept attacking Roy in the form of life-for-life.

He didn't use the power of Mobius Mark, of course Roy would not be polite and beat him directly.

The battle lasted a day and a night, and finally ended with Tyrael being severely wounded by having his two wings of light severed.

Tyrael lay on the ground, still maintaining his mortal appearance, facing Roy's frostmourne sword tip, his face was calm, and he said to Roy "Demon Osiris, this time you won, but I guarantee that the revenge of the high heaven will come soon, and you will be sealed in this world like Mephisto Diablo!"

"Strange, I thought you would say: 'Nephalem won't let you go' or something..." Roy showed a wicked smile "What? Don't you plan to ask those Nephalem people for help this time?"

"High-level heaven also has the mission of high-level heaven!" Tyrael responded coldly "Fighting with demons is the responsibility of angels! Kill me, but next time, I will not let you go!"

Roy put away his sword, stretched out his demonic claws, grabbed Tyrael's head, lifted him up and twisted him into the air, staring straight at him, Tyrael's face was expressionless, and he looked like he was slaughtering his neck.

However, in the next second, Tyrael's eyes suddenly widened!

Because in Roy's other hand, a strange sphere appeared. This sphere was about seventy to eighty centimeters in diameter.

Just like the dark soul stone!

Roy held the sphere in his hand and said in a playful tone, "It's a pity, you may not have a chance!"

"You!" Tyrael exclaimed: "This... what is this!?"

"Soul stone!" Roy glanced at the crystal in his hand and said with a grinning smile "But unlike your dark soul stone, this soul stone was made by me. I call it... a bright soul stone? Sorry, This is the real trap I set!"

After that, without waiting for Tyrael to continue to ask, Roy inserted the tip of the crystal into Tyrael's chest!

"what--!"

Tyrael's expression couldn't hold back any longer, and he finally let out a scream, and with his scream, countless golden airflows suddenly filled around Tyrael's body, and these golden airflows surged wildly, scrambled to get into the crystal stone inserted in his chest!

With the penetration of the airflow, Tyrael's angel body also turned into light and dissipated little by little. After a while, he was gone, leaving only the crystal stone floating in the air. If you look at it, you will find that there is a golden streamer in the original colorless crystal. This golden streamer is constantly running around in the crystal stone, but it can't break through the crystal stone.

Roy reached out and grabbed the crystal stone, weighed it in his hand, and finally sighed.

"Mephisto, Diablo, and Baal... You guys are all like pig brains! Everyone knows how to seal you with dark soul stones. Haven't you thought about being like me? Are the angels also sealed?"

"You deserve to be beaten to death so many times..."

Shaking his head, Roy unfolded the large demon wing behind him and flew into the sky. After finding a random direction, he left at high speed. After he left for a long time, the people from the Horadrim Church came tremblingly. After arriving at the location of Rakkis's tomb, they only saw the boundless golden crystallized plain, as for their leader Archangel Tyrael, there was no trace...


## Change Notes

1. Name Changes
   - Royshuang, Luo Yin -> Roy
   - Spar -> sphere